README.md, before:

Realtime Q&A
============

A live feedback system for classrooms, presentations, and conferences.

_(This is the proof-of-concept application for_ Realtime Web Apps: HTML5 Websockets, Pusher, and the Web's Next Big Thing _[Apress 2012].)_

Installation
------------

*Installation instructions pending.*

Documentation
-------------

For documentation, [read the book][1].

Author
------

*Jason Lengstorf*

* http://jleng.com
* http://twitter.com/jlengstorf

Copyright  and license
----------------------

Copyright (c) 2012 Jason Lengstorf

Released under the [MIT License][2].

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[1]: http://amzn.to/S2HRiS
[2]: http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

Commit message:

Updated author and copyright information.

README.md, after:

Realtime Q&A
============

A live feedback system for classrooms, presentations, and conferences.

_(This is the proof-of-concept application for_ Realtime Web Apps: HTML5 Websockets, Pusher, and the Web's Next Big Thing _[Apress 2013]. It is not intended for production use.)_

Documentation
-------------

For documentation, [read the book][1].

Authors
-------

Jason Lengstorf (@jlengstorf)

* http://www.lengstorf.com
* http://twitter.com/jlengstorf

Phil Leggetter (@leggetter)

* http://www.leggetter.co.uk
* http://twitter.com/jlengstorf

Copyright  and license
----------------------

Copyright (c) 2013 Jason Lengstorf & Phil Leggetter

Released under the [MIT License][2].

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[1]: http://amzn.to/S2HRiS
[2]: http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
